docs: link user register to metadata for custom fields (#8117)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/integrate/login-ui/username-password.mdx

First, we create a new user with a username and password. In the example below we add a user with profile data, a verified email address, and a password.
[Create User Documentation](/apis/resources/user_service/user-service-add-human-user)

### Custom Fields

> If you do have custom fields you like to add to your users that are not provided by ZITADEL, you can add them to the metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have custom fields you like to add to your users that are not provided by ZITADEL, you can add them to the metadata.
```

> Metadata are key values you can use for additional user data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata are key value pairs you can use for additional user data.
```
